For a summary of the most recent changes to the game, say "news".
If you want to end your adventure early, say "quit".  To suspend your
adventure such that you can continue later, say "suspend" (or "pause"
or "save").  To see how well you're doing, say "score".  To get full
credit for a treasure, you must have left it safely in the building,
though you get partial credit just for locating it.  You lose points
for getting killed, or for quitting, though the former costs you more.
There are also points based on how much (if any) of the cave you've
managed to explore; in particular, there is a large bonus just for
getting in (to distinguish the beginners from the rest of the pack),
and there are other ways to determine whether you've been through some
of the more harrowing sections.  If you think you've found all the
treasures, just keep exploring for a while.  If nothing interesting
happens, you haven't found them all yet.  If something interesting
*DOES* happen (incidentally, there *ARE* ways to hasten things along),
it means you're getting a bonus and have an opportunity to garner many
more points in the Master's section.  I may occasionally offer hints
if you seem to be having trouble.  If I do, I'll warn you in advance
how much it will affect your score to accept the hints.  Finally, to
save time, you may specify "brief", which tells me never to repeat the
full description of a place unless you explicitly ask me to.
