I know of places, actions, and things.  Most of my vocabulary
describes places and is used to move you there.  To move, try words
like forest, building, downstream, enter, east, west, north, south,
up, or down.  I know about a few special objects, like a black rod
hidden in the cave.  These objects can be manipulated using some of
the action words that I know.  Usually you will need to give both the
object and action words (in either order), but sometimes I can infer
the object from the verb alone.  Some objects also imply verbs; in
particular, "inventory" implies "take inventory", which causes me to
give you a list of what you're carrying.  Some objects have unexpected
effects; the effects are not always desirable!  Usually people having
trouble moving just need to try a few more words.  Usually people
trying unsuccessfully to manipulate an object are attempting something
beyond their (or my!) capabilities and should try a completely
different tack.  One point often confusing to beginners is that, when
there are several ways to go in a certain direction (e.g., if there
are several holes in a wall), choosing that direction in effect
chooses one of the ways at random; often, though, by specifying the
place you want to reach you can guarantee choosing the right path.
Also, to speed the game you can sometimes move long distances with a
single word.  For example, "building" usually gets you to the building
from anywhere above ground except when lost in the forest.  Also, note
that cave passages and forest paths turn a lot, so leaving one place
heading north doesn't guarantee entering the next from the south.
However (another important point), except when you've used a "long
distance" word such as "building", there is always a way to go back
where you just came from unless I warn you to the contrary, even
though the direction that takes you back might not be the reverse of
what got you here.  Good luck, and have fun!
